Add docs for HTTP `Permissions-Policy` header `cross-origin-isolated` directive (#36780)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/window/crossoriginisolated/index.md

- {{JSxRef("SharedArrayBuffer")}} can be created and sent via a {{DOMxRef("Window.postMessage()")}} or a {{DOMxRef("MessagePort.postMessage()")}} call.
- {{DOMxRef("Performance.now()")}} offers better precision.

> - {{DOMxRef("Performance.measureUserAgentSpecificMemory()")}} can be called.

Author: here I think previous better reflects the reality, as in such condition, the method is not exposed at all and so it can't be called. *can be called* sounds like the method can be accessed but caling it will fail in some way.

Or:

```suggestion
- {{DOMxRef("Performance.measureUserAgentSpecificMemory()")}} can be accessed and called.
```

- {{HTTPHeader("Cross-Origin-Opener-Policy")}} header with the directive `same-origin`.
- {{HTTPHeader("Cross-Origin-Embedder-Policy")}} header with the directive `require-corp` or `credentialless`.

> Also, the {{HTTPHeader("Permissions-Policy")}} header's {{HTTPHeader("Permissions-Policy/cross-origin-isolated","cross-origin-isolated")}} directive must not block use of this feature for current origin.

Author: ```suggestion
Also, the {{HTTPHeader("Permissions-Policy")}} header's {{HTTPHeader("Permissions-Policy/cross-origin-isolated","cross-origin-isolated")}} directive must not block the use of this feature for the current origin.
```

> Also, the {{HTTPHeader("Permissions-Policy")}} header's {{HTTPHeader("Permissions-Policy/cross-origin-isolated","cross-origin-isolated")}} directive must not block the use of this feature for the current origin.

Reviewer: What do you mean?

Reviewer: @skyclouds2001 I'll review again when you've responded to this, and all the other "semi-duplicated" comments.
 I can't say it is wrong, because I don't know what you are trying to say.

What I would be saying here is something like:

```suggestion
A document will not be treated as cross-origin isolated if it is returned with an HTTP response that includes the {{HTTPHeader("Permissions-Policy")}} header with the {{HTTPHeader("Permissions-Policy/cross-origin-isolated","cross-origin-isolated")}} directive, irrespective of the other response headers.
In this case the value of this property will be `false` and the document will not be able to use the APIs listed above with reduced restrictions.
```

> Also, the {{HTTPHeader("Permissions-Policy")}} header's {{HTTPHeader("Permissions-Policy/cross-origin-isolated","cross-origin-isolated")}} directive must not block the use of this feature for the current origin.

Author: ```suggestion
Note that if the {{HTTPHeader("Permissions-Policy")}} header's {{HTTPHeader("Permissions-Policy/cross-origin-isolated","cross-origin-isolated")}} directive blocks the document to be cross-origin isolated, `Window.crossOriginIsolated` will always return `false` and the document will not be able to use the APIs listed above with reduced restrictions, irrespective of the {{HTTPHeader("Cross-Origin-Opener-Policy")}} and {{HTTPHeader("Cross-Origin-Embedder-Policy")}} response headers.
```
